# DD

Unfortunately: Large movement of people who dig first & ask questions later.

Any Earthworks comes under the discipline of Civil Engineering.

## Ponds

### USA

Most ponds are in valleys.

### Australia

Common to see ponds on a hill & in a valley.



## Soil Testing

Geotechnical assessment

Emerson Test

* 8 Stages

Lab Assessment


Sometimes you can treat a pond building exercise as a mining exercise.

Scavenge materials from other areas.

Earth movers tend to have experience & judgement over transferring earth.


## Dams

Cut & Fill operations

Measure cross-section of site without exaggeration.

Map relative widths of contours on a graph.

Perform exavation


## Who to hire

NRCS (Natural Resources Conservation Service - http://www.nrcs.usda.gov/) - inexpensive

Civil Engineer - expensive


## Organization is Key

Weathered hay to cover earthworks

Trickle Pipe stops water hammer

## Emerson Test

Jar of distilled water.

Put soil into water.

If soil deflockulates, not a good material to build a dam. Need to treat soil with Gypsum.

How saturated can the soil be & hold integrity.


## Types of Dam Wall



### Diaphragm Dam

Dig earth & put sand/silt on outslope of dame & put clas in the inslope

### Homogeneous

### Zone Dam

large structures

made with scraper

clay scraped out of  burrowed bit

---

Trickle Pipe

Reduces runoff by slowing down water

---

## Pond

Small Surface Area, Greatest Depth

Keeps water cooler
Cool water reduces evaporation
Reduced surface area reduces evaporation

---

Eucalyptus

Suck water out of the ground & transpire it to the sky.

---

Swales

Value in excessively drained soils or high rainfall climates.

Good when soil cannot absorb the rainfall.

---

Drought

There is rain. Rain tends to be short & intense.

Need to take advantage of the rainfall events.

---

Diversion Drain

Earthwork. Looks like a small swale. Diverts rainfall.

---

Recent Innovations in Bulldozers (> 1980s)

Hydraulic Rams on the Blade
Hydraulic Rams on the Rippers

Able to dig deeper & steeper dams. (>= 45 degrees)

---

Ridge Dam

Less efficient than a barrier dam, but useful if it is higher.

---

Spillways & Lockpipes

---

Taranaki Farm Series Dam Remodeling

---

Mottled Clay

Water moves so slow that oxidation occurs

Gray specs, aerobic processes (tends to smell bad)

---

Sizing a Pond

Look at variation of rainfall.

Back of Envelope

Maximum need & Wost case scenario

Daily Need of Water = Yearly Total / 365 days

Daily Need of Water * Days of Drought = Amount of water need to store
