Maybe it's about focus & definitions. What do you want to focus on & how are different people defined? Perception is reality.

I have not read anything that seemed racist on Breitbart. I personally identify with any movement promoting liberty, freedom, law, order for all. I reject and ignore any message with racist overtones. There's going to be objectionable content to some from all publishers. For example, from the left, some members belonging to the more extreme factions of BLM are racist, yet little attention is paid to those people. There are standards of behavior that all parties identifying with such a message should be held to account.

I personally find Identity Politics (racism, (*)rights, authoritarian multiculturalism) to be a waste of energy & a distraction, probably the biggest distraction that we have. It certainly distorts our dialogues & causes grown men to behave like 5 year olds.

I prefer to look at structures, flows of information/energy/money, leverage, social constructs, patterns, abstractions...Of course there's going to be emotional attachment to history, illusions, abstractions.

It's like we all have a personal schema, with our experiences (memories, emotions, intuition) associated with each abstraction. An abstraction, given enough energy (Σdt Power * dt), can trigger responses & emotions.

Imagine we are living 100 or 200 years ago in a different culture. There are going to be different schemas, norms, internal mappings to abstractions, etc.

Even if we live at the same time, different social experiences with different cultures, with our own personal creative proclivities, are going to create a unique internal system. There are some cultural normalizing forces like language, education, books, media, shared history, norms that allow us to interface with each other.

There can also be a divergence of experience & knowledge that causes rifts in these interfaces. Words will have a different context for me than for you.

Herein lies the variety of ways to interpret what Trump says. When we interpret what someone says, we hear words, intonation, body language -> sense & process with associations to our experience & our model of this person speaking to us.

If one views the speaker as having sinister motives, one will interpret the vague with expectations of sinister actions. One can build up a story of character by associating certain causal behaviors with certain effects.

Re: Nazis, the KKK, other objectionable cultures. We all have certain common opinions & proclivities. Often they will champion something that we may agree on a certain level, but it's certain actions that turn the group to become extreme.

We need to relearn how to think & speak of unifying concepts & language. A social contract that gives liberty & freedom to individuals, families, self-selecting groups, states. Free & open communication. Common Law. Primum non nocere. Respect.

We need to dig within ourselves to be able to understand each other & find common ground. Otherwise, division is created, which makes us all weak.


Being of mixed "race", I do not benefit from racism, or identity politics. On one hand, I will never belong to a race, other than the diversity crowd. The groups I'm most comfortable in are my family & in mixed groups, because there is no overriding culture that I'm a stranger to, only a lowest common denominator of communication.

I have explored cultures & my lineage, having the honor to hear many elders & teachers who have expressed the gift of their perspective to me. Seeing causes & effects. I am thankful for my time with a Dine elder & medicine man in New Mexico. From my brief time on the reservation, I feel a somber mood of a subjugated culture feeling the consequence of genocide, colonization, cultural appropriation. But then, I only perceive the body language & energy that the people exhibit. The one thing that the Dine have to lean on is their spiritual culture, keeping practices of teepee ceremonies & sweat lodges. The ceremony is the algorithm that the people have a ancestral & personal relationship with Creator.

Contrast that today with our shallow & unacknowledged religions.

lowest common denominator Imperial religion of centralized control in all domains. Any resistors (people who don't fit the mold) must be assimilated. I'm sorry to say, but I had to leave the Bay Area. I was physically sick,