1. Briefly describe the overall historical patterns of land use for the major seats of civilization and what lessons we have learned from these patterns in permaculture.

Civilizations evolve to maximize access to land & resources. Civilizations started with villages which merged into states.

Patterns that drive the evolution of civilization include, state to state evolution, owner vs worker vs consumer evolution. These evolutionary forces led to a governance that emphasized centralized land ownership by having large Entities (the State & Corporations) directly own the land & laws that restrict what the small sub-owners can do with their land.

This pattern of centralized, large-scale control results in an unresponsive feedback loop between physical reality & governance. Civilization's economic systems evolved to abstract Nature into an externality. The Local ecologies became abstracted into a generalized system; These generalized ecological systems became the context to create generalized/large-scale solutions for managing the land & growing food.

To work optimally with nature, one must we able to adapt & evolve with her nuances. One must enter into a direct feedback loop with the many instances of her.

---

2. Define and contrast permaculture to industrial chemical agriculture and organic agriculture.

With the art of Permaculture, one seeks to create natural, multifunctional systems that are autonomous. The Permaculturist acts as a catalyst to the evolution of the natural system. Natural Systems are polyculture, multi-organism, fertilized directly by organisms in the system, & self-sufficient with little or no human intervention. The integrity of the natural systems improve over time; the soil improves; the biodiversity increases; food yields remain plentiful; water quality improves. Permaculture is not labor or energy intensive.

Industrial Chemical Agriculture is a monoculture & fertilized by imported petroleum-based fertilizers. Undesirable organisms are killed using pesticides & herbicides. The integrity of Industrial Chemical Agriculture systems degrades over time; the soil erodes & it's life is destroyed; the biodiversity decreases; food yields decrease over time; water quality diminishes. Industrial Chemical Agriculture is labor & energy intensive.

Organic Agriculture is either a monoculture or polyculture & fertilized by organic-based fertilizers. Undesirable organisms are often killed using organic pesticides & organic herbicides. The integrity of Organic Agriculture systems may degrade, remain in stasis, or improve, depending on the practices of the farmer. Organic Agriculture is labor & often energy intensive.

---

3. Describe how to create highly productive multi-functional gardens and landscapes utilizing and accentuating microclimates?

Designing a natural system is an iterative & evolutionary process.

## Identify the Microclimates

An iteration begins with identifying the microclimates. Techniques include:

* observing the animals, plants, & insects around the property
* walking around the property feeling temperature differences
* observing the morning precipitation
* tracking the sun
* noting where water is located
* noting damp ground
* mapping the level contours of slopes

## Map the Boundaries of the Microclimates

After identifying the set of microclimates, the boundaries to the microclimates can be mapped.

## Determine with Microclimates & Boundaries can be Optimized

The Microclimate may already contain a well functioning system; In that case, no intervention is needed. If the Microclimate can be optimized, one can Design for the Microclimates & the Boundaries.

## Design for the Microclimates & the Boundaries

Introduce plant guilds and/or build earthworks/structures to maximize the utility of the Microclimates & the Boundaries. Use Permaculture Design Principles & the context (the nuances of the land, available resources) as inspiration to create solutions.

## Modify the Microclimates & Boundaries

Utilize Permaculture principles to modify the Microclimates & Boundaries.

On a periodic bases, loop back to the "Identify the Microclimates" step; The microclimates may change over time.
