I'm used to relationships being in a troubled state.

---

### How does it feel to make your soul’s calling/soul’s work as big a priority as being a caregiver or "people-pleaser"? More specifically, in what ways can you see the difference between helping others and being their caregiver?

My calling is to facilitate Energetic movement across different Entities. This often means helping people.

I see myself more as a catalyst to evolution. Often times this means not pleasing people. Lately, I've been causing anger & frustration in some of my friends. I have this intuitive drive to act in ways that are intended to show other people another view of themselves. I enjoy giving people the opportunity to practice compassion.

I've been getting tripped up with illusions of future happiness & expectations of how people should act. I'm often surprised over how people act. I need to be humble & conscious over nuances of a person's spirit.

I'm seeking the zen of the present moment. The hopes & fears of the future have been my escape from the present, escape from pain.

I choose to become a facilitator because I doubt my charisma to lead people & my ability to articulate a vision that people resonate with. My ways are esoteric, often where I'm unable to find others who appreciate a conversation about such ways. I'm led to learn how to simplify & to be aesthetically pleasing in a simple manner. This means living a life that is beautiful.

I've been working on taking care of myself & stripping my life down to it's bare essentials. I'm learning to forgo the fear of being alone with the panic of needing to search for a mate. I'm learning that the best way to attract strong people is to be strong.

---

### What are the real obstacles to making the transition to your authentic self?

It boils down to fear. This pattern of fear evolves different stories. I fear that I will not find my mate, who will be the one I desire & who will understand me. I fear not being aesthetically pleasing, particularly not being entertaining or funny. I fear not being understood. I fear being judged. I fear illusion.

These fears have evolved into walls, shielding my true self from the outside world. When one of these walls are triggered, I get a feeling of tunnel vision of the soul; where I feel dim, numb, dumb, & slow.

I am unravelling these walls. This unravelling often manifests as a pain in the body. I'm becoming more aware of my body. I'm putting good food into my body, doing yoga, self massage.

---

### Are there any areas of your life where you feel like you’re hiding? Not being fully you?

I am with certain people. I often feel like a wall is up. I'm learning how to remove these walls.

---

### What does “fully you” mean to you?

Describe your authentic self/highest self/Holy Self in as much detail as you can. Feeling good about myself. I want to feel like I'm in the zone. Like I'm zen. Feeling balanced.

I know that what I say can hurt people, however I want everybody to know that I love them. I love everything in Existence. This love is something that I wish to express with action, words, presence, attitude, etc.

---

### Describe your authentic self/highest self/Holy Self in as much detail as you can.

I am a spirit living in the present moment; I am in the zone & zen. I express myself appropriately to raise consciousness.

I am focused on my purpose & listen to my body. I feel my feelings. I take care of myself.

I understand anxiety as uncertainty with many possibilities. I understand sadness/melancholy/anger as a call for introspection. I don't speak idle words nor think idle thoughts.

I don't have an exact vision of what an ideal future would look like. I want to live in an environment of love.

I want to be able to connect with people. I want to be natural around people. Instead of the wall of "what should I say?" I feel flow.

---

I'm a contract employee.

Average over the past 12 months.

I was living in my car for a while.
