I want to create a great life :-)

I'm looking for co-creators. I want to find people who I collaborate with well.

There is uncertainty with how much energy to put into people, things, etc.

I don't know what to do. I want to find cocreators. I'm seeking to create. To be motivated to create. To have energetic exchanges with people which inspire me to create & inspire them to create.

I want to be around dreamers & creators.

---

Garrett Lacey
E8

---

My friends are not wanting to talk to me. Apparently, I'm not desirable to talk to. I don't feel valued by my friends.

I do value myself, at least I think I do. Should I question that? Is my observation that my friends don't get back to me evidence that I need to love myself more?

I've been alone for a while. I've been doing my work. I still feel. Love is painful still. Sometimes, it's less painful, but it's still painful at times.

The anxiety is painful. I seem to have anxiety from other people. Why do I want to be connected so much? Why do I not have it? I'm willing to put in the work. I'm not here to fool with others. I'm ready.

Should I think that I'm more ready than the people I'm trying to reach out to? Should I think that I'm not ready? I can go down these paths. I'm not sure if it helps.

All I know is my friends aren't getting back to me and it's painful.

---

I am grateful for my friends. I am grateful that I have gifts for them. I am grateful that they have gifts for me.

---

I forgot so much information. As you get older, you forget the extraneous things & remember the important things.

An aspect of happiness is to remember the things that please you; The things that ensure your prosperity; The things that help you view Existence with certain eyes; The things that help Existence view you as you want to be viewed.

---

Liquid Nitrogen & human skin.

Water vapor forming a pressure layer around the skin.

Water is flexible, capable of plasticity/memory, has surface tension.

---

A System may not have a "point" other than it's functions & self-perpetuation.

We tend to want to have a point in life.

If life is viewed as a system, then the point is self-determined & self-propagated.

---

New age **frequencies**, **vibrations**, & **Spirits** are synonyms.

---

Mind/Body dualism

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reductionism

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Systems_thinking

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Systems_philosophy

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Systems_science

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emergentism

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Physicalism

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scientism

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epiphenomenon

---

I have a philosophy (conceptual system) in my mind. I evaluate incoming information on this philosophy.

I may need to modify my philosophy based on the inputs. I may need to take action (an output) to change the context.

Most people don't think or communicate systemically. Many people are not willing to understand systems.

Some people are habituated to diagrams to demonstrate systems. When someone says "I am a visual learner", they imply they learn systems through visual means.

Iteration is key to understanding systems.

---

As human tools become more sophisticated, humans become more sophisticated. The environment augments intelligence. Intelligence is emergent.

As humans become more sophisticated, other animals become more sophisticated.

---

Twitter is a channel that implies high freedom, low integrity. Integrity is based on the author.

---

I don't have much memory capabilities. I do iterate quickly with free abstractions. My neocortex is flat. I don't have many plastic nor hierarchical patterns.

I am a creative spirit. My memory is not so good. I need to keep my mind clear to create.

---

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epiphenomenon

> An epiphenomenon (plural: epiphenomena) is a secondary phenomenon that occurs alongside or in parallel to a primary phenomenon.

Historic culture views concepts as hierarchies. We are shifting to viewing concepts as an interdependent, flat, distributed network.

---

It's tough to be appreciated when you are fusing so many disciplines together.

Bruce Lee had a difficult time gaining social acceptance. However, Jeet Kun Do is an extremely effective system.

---

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epiphenomenon

> ### Philosophy of mind and psychology

> #### Main article: Epiphenomenalism

> An epiphenomenon can be an effect of primary phenomena, but cannot affect a primary phenomenon. In philosophy of mind, epiphenomenalism is the view that mental phenomena are epiphenomena in that they can be caused by physical phenomena, but cannot cause physical phenomena. In strong epiphenomenalism, epiphenomena that are mental phenomena can only be caused by physical phenomena, not by other mental phenomena. In weak epiphenomenalism, epiphenomena that are mental phenomena can be caused by both physical phenomena and other mental phenomena, but mental phenomena cannot be the cause of any physical phenomenon.

> The physical world operates independently of the mental world in epiphenomenalism; the mental world exists as a derivative parallel world to the physical world, affected by the physical world (and by other epiphenomena in weak epiphenomenalism), but not able to have an effect on the physical world. Instrumentalist versions of epiphenomenalism allow some mental phenomena to cause physical phenomena, when those mental phenomena can be strictly analyzable as summaries of physical phenomena, preserving causality of the physical world to be strictly analyzable by other physical phenomena.

This section made by back sore. Proof that abstractions affect physical things. Oh, but it's from your neurons firing & processing the information. Who cares? The information input effected my body. The information was input into my system.

Oh, but the information is stored on the physical machine. Who cares? I care about the abstractions, not the underlying physical processes.
