Anxiety is a paradoxical spirit in the soul. Anxiety leads one down an evolutionary thought stream; inducing assumptions when perceiving past, present, & future situations.

Anxiety leads to heightened thought activity.

My chest becomes tight.

A feeling in my stomach that travels up to the heart (on the left side). Some sort of energetic flow?

The feeling revolves in the stomach, bottom, toward the back, top of stomach, up to the heart, after several iterations into the throat.

That empty feeling in the throat. My throat makes me want to cry, but I'm unable to cry. Maybe there's a wall.

I breathe deep into my stomach. My stomach feels better. Now a heaviness in the stomach. Throat feels empty & is the focus.

My neck muscles feel tight. It started with how I felt earlier. My friends don't give me what I'm looking for.

My heart hurts. It feels sore. I want to cry. I can't cry. I just feel it inside. The center of the chest feels like an energetic field.

My lower back hurt when I breathed in. I've been sitting a lot.

Music makes me feel good. Nirvana is blessed.

Hot/Cold shower time, after "Smells Like Teen Spirit" :-)

I need to give me what I'm looking for; not my friends' responsibility.

---

Hot/Cold shower was amazing! Coconut oil on skin in niiice! Feeling good.

Boy George is cool. I love the gender bending.

---

We emanate spirits that are fractal. These spirits affect matter. Water is particularly sensitive to these spirits.

"Water has memory".

---

Feedback mechanism between human & water. Visual & Audio.

---

The biology of belief. Bruce Lipton

---

Ruby & Rails has a pattern of community help. Not the most efficient, but friendly people.

People in South American villages have thatch houses. The housing technique requires frequent maintenance. The entire village mobilizes to help each person maintain their house. It's a community event.

---

Which stories do you focus on?

Attention is paid to abstractions. The more nuance we allow in our abstractions (words), the more attention we pay to Entities.

---

I need to plan my interactions to limit the amount of anxiety. Anxiety is a signal of uncertainty.

It's ok to have projections. Projections are tools. Projections have uncertainty. We can trust projections as long as they are flexible.
