Are physical possessions are physical manifestations of our desires.

---

MVC is a failure. MVC frameworks, have had much work done to them, with elegant designs, spiraling into more complexity.

MVC is a recipe for complexity. MVC does not lead to simplicity. MVC adds another metaphor (abstraction) onto the design. For web frameworks, MVC is unnecessary.

The real value is in callbacks. In Observers.

---

I've been professionally working with patterns for the past 13 years.

---

Since we communicate with ontologies & not so much with emotion, we are unable to convey our experience with accuracy & precision.

We are in one big Stanford Prison Experiment.

---

The Matrix is in your mind. You create your own Matrix. Someone implants a Matrix into you.

Matrix is a Spirit.

---

Buy 2 Shower Filters.
Buy coconut oil.

---

Anxiety leads to diffusion of focus.

Fear is a diffusive force. Fear separates.

Not all diffusive forces are fear?

---

While sex is a salve, sex is most sacred when performed from a standpoint of integrity, wholeness, strength, & love.

---

Schooling should start with philosophy & methodology. The student should explicitly create one's own philosophy & methodology.

---

Integrity allows abstractions to be predictable & reliable, with less information required.

Integrity is relative to the Entity & adhered Abstraction.

---

I use both Systems Thinking & Reductionism.

Reductionism is zooming inward. Systems Thinking is seeing the cohesive system. Holism is zooming outward.

Inappropriate Reductionism ignores a Perspective's ignorance.

---

Instead of dreaming of AI as creating & augmenting intelligence, some dream of AI replacing us. Why?

---

I have faith that I will always create novelty. I don't need to retain control by hiding myself. I am free to have transparent expression, to live in my power.
